# StoryworldExplorer

I am currently engaged in my first research project with Professor James Ryan at Carleton College, which started the beginning of January 2021. We plan to create a web-based software that enables the interactive visualization from Talk of the Town. Talk of the Town is a simulation framework that procedurally generates an American small town and simulates its rich narrative and history (day by day) over the course of 200 years, with an emphasis on social exchanges and the internal lives of characters. Our project, Building a Storyworld Explorer, will give audience members the ability to interact with networks of color-coded graphs to find patterns and better understand the relationships and preferences formed by characters. Currently we have a scatter plot. Each dot is a character from a town generated by Talk of the Town , and the user can pick the data they want to plot about the characters. Moving forward, we hope to have the viewer to click the character datapoint in the scatterplot, and then have Storyworld Explorer return connected graphs demonstrating the relationships tied to this character. There are many more directions we envision taking this project.

This repository contains storyworldScatterplot.html (the main code), d3 library, and json file "town-1611681595.json" containing the data of an example Talk of the Town town. 

StoryWorld Explorer is a work in progress - this is just the beginning. 

I don't have commit history because I just uploaded this project. 

